README.md, before:

# Study Resources

Curated interview preparation materials covering senior PHP/Laravel, JavaScript, MERN, and database topics. The repository bundles individual guides into a single master reference for quick navigation.

## Key Files
- [`interview-preparation-compendium.md`](./interview-preparation-compendium.md) – unified handbook with cross-linked sections for every topic.
- Original source guides (e.g., `senior-php-backend-developer-interview-guide.md`, `laravel_interview_guide_2025.md`, `mern.md`) remain intact for standalone use.

## How To Read Everything Side‑By‑Side
- On GitHub, press `.` (period) to open the repository in the web editor (`github.dev`). Use the split editor there to open this `README.md` on the left and `interview-preparation-compendium.md` on the right for a dual-pane view.
- Alternatively, clone locally and open the folder in VS Code (or any editor) to arrange the files in separate panes.

## Quick Start
1. Open the compendium and use the top navigation list to jump to the framework or topic you need.
2. Follow internal tables of contents inside each section for deeper subsections (e.g., Laravel, MERN, Databases).
3. Refer back to the original markdowns if you prefer to study one stack at a time.

## Contributing / Personalizing
- Update the compendium by editing `interview-preparation-compendium.md`; the source comment above each section points to the originating file.
- Add new study notes as separate markdown files and link them from the compendium navigation to keep the master index consistent.

Commit message:

docs: enhance navigation and content in README and compendium with new links and an about section

README.md, after:

# Study Resources

<p align="center">
  <strong>Docs:</strong>
  <a href="./README.md">Overview</a> ·
  <a href="./interview-preparation-compendium.md">Interview Compendium</a>
</p>

Curated interview preparation materials covering senior PHP/Laravel, JavaScript, MERN, and database topics. The repository bundles individual guides into a single master reference for quick navigation.

## About
This repo serves as a personal interview knowledge base, aggregating multiple long-form study guides into a single, cross-linked compendium. It’s organized for senior backend and full-stack roles, with deep dives into PHP, Laravel, JavaScript ecosystems, databases, and deployment practices. Use it to keep all your prep notes in one place, shareable with teammates or mentees.

## Key Files
- [`interview-preparation-compendium.md`](./interview-preparation-compendium.md) – unified handbook with cross-linked sections for every topic.
- Original source guides (e.g., `senior-php-backend-developer-interview-guide.md`, `laravel_interview_guide_2025.md`, `mern.md`) remain intact for standalone use.

## How To Read Everything Side-By-Side
- On GitHub, press `.` (period) to open the repository in the web editor (`github.dev`). In the file explorer, right-click `interview-preparation-compendium.md` and choose **Open to the Side** so this `README.md` and the compendium share the screen like tabs.
- Alternatively, clone locally and open the folder in VS Code (or any editor) to arrange the files in separate panes.

## Quick Start
1. Open the compendium and use the top navigation list to jump to the framework or topic you need.
2. Follow internal tables of contents inside each section for deeper subsections (e.g., Laravel, MERN, Databases).
3. Refer back to the original markdowns if you prefer to study one stack at a time.

## Contributing / Personalizing
- Update the compendium by editing `interview-preparation-compendium.md`; the source comment above each section points to the originating file.
- Add new study notes as separate markdown files and link them from the compendium navigation to keep the master index consistent.
